README.md, before:

# WiseWallet

WiseWallet is a portfolio manager application built with Django. It helps you track your assets and transactions.

## Features

*   **Dashboard:** View a summary of your portfolio.
*   **Transaction Management:** Add, edit, and view your transactions.
*   **Portfolio Tracking:** See the value of your assets over time.

## Prerequisites

*   Python 3.8+
*   pip

## Setup and Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/username/wisewallet.git
    cd wisewallet
    ```

2.  **Create and activate a virtual environment:**
    ```bash
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```

3.  **Install the dependencies:**
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4.  **Set up environment variables:**
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project by copying the example file:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    Open the `.env` file and add the following environment variables.
    You will need to generate a secret key. You can use the following command to generate one:
    ```bash
    python -c 'from django.core.management.utils import get_random_secret_key; print(get_random_secret_key())'
    ```

    Your `.env` file should look like this:
    ```
    SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key-here
    DEBUG=True or False
    ```

5.  **Run database migrations:**
    ```bash
    python manage.py migrate
    ```

## Running the Application

To run the development server, use the following command:
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```
The application will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

Commit message:

README update (#10)
* I've updated the `README.md` file to include detailed instructions on how to set up the project, configure the environment, and run the unit tests.

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: google-labs-jules[bot] <161369871+google-labs-jules[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# WiseWallet

WiseWallet is a portfolio manager application built with Django. It helps you track your assets and transactions.

## Features

*   **Dashboard:** View a summary of your portfolio.
*   **Transaction Management:** Add, edit, and view your transactions.
*   **Portfolio Tracking:** See the value of your assets over time.

## Prerequisites

*   Python 3.8+
*   pip

## Setup and Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/username/wisewallet.git
    cd wisewallet
    ```

2.  **Create and activate a virtual environment:**
    ```bash
    python -m venv .venv
    source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```

3.  **Install the dependencies:**
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4.  **Set up environment variables:**
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project by copying the example file:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    Open the `.env` file and add set-up the environment variables or remove unwanted variables to use the default
    
    To generate a secret key you can use the following command:
    ```bash
    python -c 'from django.core.management.utils import get_random_secret_key; print(get_random_secret_key())'
    ```

6.  **Run database migrations:**
    ```bash
    python manage.py migrate
    ```
    
## Running tests

To execute unit tests, run the following command
```bash
pytest
```

## Running the Application

To run the development server, use the following command:
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```
The application will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.
